{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33100\viewh18360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 OYSTER STUFFING\
===============\
\
Ingredients\
\
1.5 loaves hearty, sliced White Bread\
1 stick Butter\
4 Celery stalks, thinly sliced\
1 White Onion, large, minced\
1 Shallot, thinly sliced, then chopped\
1 bunch Parsley, flat-leaf (Italian)\
3 jars Oysters, large, cut into bite-sized chunks (8-12oz.)\
2 oz White Wine, Vermouth, Sherry or Gin\
2 Eggs\
1 cup Chicken or Turkey Stock\
\
\
Method\
\
0. Tear apart loaves of bread into ~1" pieces. Put pieces back into one bread bag. Store 3-5 days in advance of making stuffing.\
1. Roast bread pieces in single layer on cookie sheet at 300\'baF for 15-20 minutes. Takes 3-4 batches, 2 batches at a time. Place into large metal mixing bowl.\
2. In large cast iron pan or enameled dutch oven, melt 3/4 stick Butter over Med-Low heat.\
3. Add Celery and Onions. Cook for 8-12 minutes until the onions are translucent.\
4. Add Shallots. Cook until they are translucent, too.\
5. Add Parsley. Stir until covered.\
6. Add Oysters and White Wine. Cook until Oysters are cooked-through.\
7. Pour entire content of the pan over the bread in the giant mixing bowl. Toss to coat.\
8. Drizzle with blend of: two beaten Eggs and Chicken Stock over the herbed bread pieces. Mix well.\
9. Drop the bread mixture into the pan and press into sides. \
10. Using a spatula, pry the top edges away from the sides, pressing towards center. \
11. Slice last 1/4 Butter stick into pats. Place pats in the gap along the edges and a few on top. \
12. Cover with lid or foil, and bake for 30 minutes at 350\'baF. \
13. Remove covering, bake for another 10-12 minutes until bread tips are browning. }